hi I'm Louise and welcome to EPL news
big Phil Scolari has held his first
press conference as Chelsea manager the
Brazilian spoke to the media in English
and laughed off the idea that he would
be under a new kind of pressure in
England look and the pressure for media
is in the world if you are the coach in
Brazil you know you know you know what's
the pressure Scolari's most pressing
matter appears to be the future of frank
lampard chelsea has earlier rejected a
formal approach from Inter Milan to sign
the midfielder and scolari reveals that
he's already spoken to Lampard about his
future I meet Franklin Park yesterday
and I spoke to him that I like him too
much as a player as a person and the I
asked him if he won't stay in chelsea
not Molly this season more time and he
said to me after 15 minutes 15 minutes
he said to me that you won't stay and he
wants to play for Chelsea ax men
xabi alonso insists he is happy to stay
at Liverpool the 26 year old who has
just one euro 2008 with Spain had seemed
set to leave Anfield for ventus but with
the two clubs struggling to agree a fee
rafa benitez could be left with Alonso
competing alongside Stevie Gerrard
Javier Mascherano and possibly Gareth
Barry for a place in the Liverpool
midfield and while many Premier League
chairman are sunning themselves or
embroiled with transfer negotiations
Manchester City's taxon Shinawatra is in
court in Thailand his corruption trial
has begun almost two years after he was
overthrown in a coup shinawatra and his
wife are facing charges related to a
Bangkok real estate deal life is
certainly never dull at Manchester City
that's all for now we'll see you
tomorrow